Start adding best practices for running an sBTC signer (#1678)
stacks-network/docs: guides-and-tutorials/sbtc/best_practices_for_running_an_sbtc_signer.md

# Best practices for running a sBTC signer

The following best practices suggest how to create a resilient setup for running
your sBTC Signer.

## Protect your private key

- Prevent unauthorised access to the sBTC Signer private key.

### Backup signer keys in cold-storage

- Keep an offline, secure backup of your sBTC Signer private key (e.g., hardware
  security modules or encrypted storage devices).

## Backup your Postgres DB

- Periodically backup the sBTC Signer Postgresql DB.

## Firewall

- Allow connections to your signer `listen_on` address (used for P2P
  communication).
- Optionally, allow traffic to the P2P ports of your Stacks and Bitcoin node.
- Deny traffic to any other port and service, unless required, e.g. for SSH.

### Monitor and observer your sBTC Signer

{% hint style="info" %}
This section is in progress as the core developers improve the sBTC Signer
observability.
{% endhint %}

> - Retain at least 1 days of logs for both the sBTC Signer, the Stacks node, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Retain at least 1 day of logs for both the sBTC Signer, the Stacks node, and the
```
